LB Virtual Service HTTP policies (#1320)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/nsxt_alb_virtual_service_http_req_rules.html.markdown

 * `paths` - (Required) A set of patchs to match given criteria
* `query` - (Optional) HTTP request query strings to match
* `request_headers` - (Optional) One or more blocks of request headers to match
 * `criteria` - (Required) One of `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `DOES_NOT_EQUAL`, `REGEX_MATCH`, `REGEX_DOES_NOT_MATCH`
 * `name` - (Required) Name of the header to match
 * `values` - (Required) A set of strings values that should match header value
* `cookie` - (Optional) A block 
 * `criteria` - (Required) One of `BEGINS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_BEGIN_WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_END_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `DOES_NOT_EQUAL`, `REGEX_MATCH`, `REGEX_DOES_NOT_MATCH`
 * `name` - (Required) Name of the HTTP cookie to match
 * `value` - (Required) A cookie value to match

<a id="rule-action-block"></a>
## Actions

One or more of action blocks can be specified. At least one is required. Some may prohibit others
and API validation will return errors

* `redirect` - (Optional) Redirects the request to different location
 * `protocol` - (Required) One of `HTTP`, `HTTPS`

>  * `port` - (Required) Destination port for redirect

Reviewer: Conflicts with schema which says: 
```
Optional:    true,
Port to which redirect the request. Default is 80 for HTTP and 443 for HTTPS protocol
```

>  * `port` - (Required) Destination port for redirect

Reviewer: Should we mention "Default is 80 for HTTP and 443 for HTTPS protocol"?

Author: Can do. Changed.

 * `status_code` - (Required) Status code to use for redirect. One of `301`, `302`, `307`
 * `host` - (Required) Host, to which the request should be redirected
 * `path` - (Required) Path to which the request should be redirected

>  * `keep_query` - (Required) Boolean value to mark if query part be preserved or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `keep_query` - (Required) Boolean value to mark if query part must be preserved or not
```

> * `modify_header` - (Optional) One or more blocks of header modification actions

Reviewer: As it's optional:
```suggestion
* `modify_header` - (Optional) An optional block of header modification actions
```

Author: Fixed.

 * `action` - (Required) One of `ADD`, `REMOVE`, `REPLACE`
 * `name` - (Required) Name of the header to modify
 * `value` - (Optional) Value (only application to `ADD` and `REPLACE` actions)

> * `rewrite_url` - (Optional) URL Rewrite rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rewrite_url` - (Optional) URL Rewrite rules, at most one block
```

Author: changed

 * `host_header` - (Required) Host to use for the rewritten URL
 * `existing_path` - (Required) Path to use for the rewritten URL

>  * `keep_query` - (Optional)Whether or not to keep the existing query string when rewriting the URL

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
 * `keep_query` - (Optional) Whether or not to keep the existing query string when rewriting the URL
```

Author: Fixed.
